- [Instructor] So now it's time to work
with some individual files using
the Java SDK for S3.
I think that you'll see that once again,
we follow the same pattern over and over
that we did with the createBucket.
So let's start off here by creating some methods,
so public void.
First thing we want to do is upload a file,
so we need to send in a bucket, a localFile,
a localDirectory,
and a key,
and we'll do a try once again,
but this time we're going to use the PutObjectRequest,
which once again, has a builder.
To that builder, we will add our bucket,
we will add our key,
now we'll call it s3.putObject,
we will pass in our request.
Okay, now we're going to use the paths from java.nio.file,
and we're going to use the get, and we're going to pass it
the local directory, and then the local file,
and it will assemble that directory for us.
Now we once again catch Exception,
and much like I did before, I'm going to copy that,
and we'll move to our next method,
and the next method that we're going to implement
is downloadFile
and it's going to run through basically the same pattern.
We're going to need a bucket,
a localFile,
a localDirectory,
and a key.
Helps if I make that capital.
Go ahead and do our try once again,
and we're going to use the GetObjectRequest this time,
and then on s3, we'll use the getObject call,
we'll pass it through request,
and once again, we'll use Paths.get,
passing in the localDirectory and the localFile name
that we want to use.
And the final method that we're going to implement
is deleteFile.
Going to pass in a bucket and a key,
go to our try block once again, and this time
we're going to use the DeleteObject request.
We'll use that builder,
and we will pass it to the deleteObject method.
All right, so back down here at our main method,
make sure you still have your TRANSIENT_BUCKET,
otherwise run this first and then execute the delete
that I just did here.
So we'll upload a file to our TRANSIENT_BUCKET,
we will do F1 from our directory,
and we'll continue to keep the same name.
From our TRANSIENT_BUCKET, we will download that file
to our download directory, keeping the same name,
and then we'll delete the file from he TRANSIENT_BUCKET.
So before we execute this, I want to
pop open a Terminal window.
I'm going to do an ls -la on my directory for the downloads.
It has a file, so I'm going to go ahead and remove that,
and now I'll run my program.
So once again, I'll pop open a Terminal window,
and I will see if the directory file is there, and it is,
so we've uploaded it, we've downloaded it,
and then we deleted it, and we can prove
that we deleted it by going back to the console,
opening that up, refreshing our view,
and indeed the file is gone.